TODO:

1. What are keywword arguments in Python and other default arguments
2. How are arguments passed to functions in python. Like difference between positional and key value paired
3. What are class attributes and what not are class attributes in Python. Difference between static data members and non static in Python
4. Can I have some content in init file.
5. How are classes defined in Python. Difference in objects and storage compared to Python
6. What are modules in Python
7. What are decorators in Python: Advantages and implementation details to take care of
8. Properly setting up vscode for Python
9. Understanding timezone and datetime in Python and Django
10. Django many to one and one to many relationship of the data.
11. Also find out how django references pk of one table to the table in which it was declared foriegn key.
12. Temporarily password: utkarsh123, username: amdin, emailId: utkarshkhandelwal2011@gmail.comp
13. Understanding the django administration
14. We are making polls app modifyable by admin? What if I tried to modify them by myself.
15. What is this command doing: admin.site.register(Question)? Do I need to do this everytime?


16. In my gym application, what we are going to do is for everyuser. We are going to create the exercises and 
17. Understaing the UI of django admin. How it is creating the beautiful UI. What is it that it is calling internally?
18. fstring vs normal string in Python
19. Is it needed to end the URL with the / or slash or forward slash. Since it is pointing towards the front.


20.  How django maps urls. Is this has something to do with the router or it this has something to do with frontend router or backend router.
21. Some thirdparty template engines for Python like Django template engine. 
22. List comprehension in Python something like  [q.question_text for q in latest_question_list]. How this fuck this thing works:
23. How to use my css and some basic javascript on the webpages generated by django


24. So basically we are returning the html from the server side.
25. Does every project needs react
26. What the fuck are stub methods
27. Object relational mapper. What are the methods and other things 
28. Can a python function return different types from conditional statement of somewhere else
29. What is the answer for javascript as well
30. Django html language and workaround. Can I directly use some javascript/python etc with it because I am tired of learning new things and not developing anything with the existing one
31. What is csrf
32. HTML form vs input vs other basic html input methods
33. GET vs POST, do I need to do anything else?
34. What is meant by reversing the url in django
35. What are class only methods in Django?
36. Keyword arguments in Python